feat(kubernetes): create an installation section (#10511)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/upgrading-kubernetes.mdx

---
title: 'Upgrading Kubernetes integration'
tags:
  - Integrations
  - Kubernetes integration
  - Upgrade
metaDescription: "Learn how to upgrade the Kubernetes integration."
---

After a new version of Kubernetes has been released, you can upgrade the Kubernetes version running on control plane nodes and worker nodes in a cluster.

## Upgrading our Kubernetes integration [#update]

Our Kubernetes integration is under active development and we regularly release updates which include bug fixes, new features, and support for newer Kubernetes versions and cloud providers. We strongly recommend all our customers to regularly update the Kubernetes integration to get the best experience.

### Upgrading using the guided install and Helm [#upgrade-helm]

In order to update an installation that was deployed using Helm command provided by the [guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=51fbbd48-c8ca-ead9-bb90-af96e18d82a7), just go through the process and run the Helm command again. This will pull the new version of the chart and its dependencies and upgrade it to the latest version.

> If you want to upgrade manually your Kuberenetes instegration installed via Helm:

Author: Done. Good catch!

1. Update the local chart repository:

   ```shell
   helm repo update
   ```

2. Update the release by running again the appropriate `helm upgrade --install ...` command in the section above:

   ```shell
   helm upgrade --install newrelic newrelic/nri-bundle \
   --namespace newrelic --create-namespace \
   -f values-newrelic.yaml
   ```

### Upgrading using the guided install and plain manifests [#update-manifests]

<Callout variant="tip">
   We encourage you to deploy our integration using Helm, as it provides a cleaner upgrade path compared to using manifests directly.
</Callout>

If custom manifests have been used instead of Helm, you will need to first remove the old installation using `kubectl delete -f previous-manifest-file.yml`, and then proceed through the guided install again. This will generate an updated set of manifests that can be deployed using `kubectl apply -f manifest-file.yml`.

We don't recommend applying a new version of the manifest file without removing the previous one first, since it might leave some leftover components in your cluster.

If you need an advanced way to create your manifest, template it using Helm.

> ## Upgrading to the new version of KSM [#update-ksm]

Reviewer: Most likely users don't know what is to upgrade "to the last version of KSM", as it is included as a dependency. I would rephrase this using the `nri-bundle` version (from v4 to v5).

Author: Modified, from _Upgrading to the new version of KSM_ to _Upgrading the nri-bundle version_.

### Changed label selectors [#changed-label-selectors]

When upgrading to the new version of KSM, you might see an error like this:
```shell
   v1.LabelSelector{MatchLabels:map[string]string{"app.kubernetes.io/instance":"newrelic", "app.kubernetes.io/name":"kube-state-metrics"}, MatchExpressions:[]v1.LabelSelectorRequirement(nil)}: field is immutable
   ```

> The label selector in the new version of the chart changed, but the name of the deployment did not. Therefore, in order to upgrade you need to remove the kube-state-metrics deployment, change the release name or re-create the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label selector in the new version of the chart changed, but the name of the deployment did not. Therefore, in order to upgrade you need to remove the kube-state-metrics deployment before running `helm upgrade`, or to fully uninstall and then reinstall the integration.
```

Author: Done it.

### Deprecated values [#deprecated-values]

> On the other hand, you can see the following log when upgrading:

Author: Done.

```shell
   warning: skipped value for nri-bundle.kube-state-metrics.collectors: Not a table.
Error: UPGRADE FAILED: template: nri-bundle/charts/kube-state-metrics/templates/role.yaml:18:6: executing "nri-bundle/charts/kube-state-metrics/templates/role.yaml" at <has "certificatesigningrequests" $.Values.collectors>: error calling has: Cannot find has on type map
   ```

> This is because of the KSM chart values changed and the map of collectors has been changed to a list of collectors.

Author: Done. Good catch!

The collector list is not needed anymore, and it has been removed from the new values.

If you still have those in your static Helm values, or if you are using the flag --reuse-values you should first remove the following values:
```
collectors:
    certificatesigningrequests: false
    ingresses: false

> ```

Reviewer: I again think this requires more context on where this key is located within `values.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: I don't have context on this, can @roobre clarify?

Author: I've replaced it by this:
kube-state-metrics:
  collectors:
    certificatesigningrequests: true
    ingresses: false

---

> title: 'Upgrading Kubernetes integration'

Reviewer 3: @nbaenam I think "the" would be good in the title: "Upgrading the Kubernetes integration."

```shell
   v1.LabelSelector{MatchLabels:map[string]string{"app.kubernetes.io/instance":"newrelic", "app.kubernetes.io/name":"kube-state-metrics"}, MatchExpressions:[]v1.LabelSelectorRequirement(nil)}: field is immutable
   ```
The label selector in the new version of the chart changed, but the name of the deployment did not. Therefore, in order to upgrade you need to remove the `kube-state-metrics` deployment before running `helm upgrade`, or to fully uninstall and then reinstall the integration.

### Deprecated values [#deprecated-values]
On the other hand, you might see the following log when upgrading:
```shell
   warning: skipped value for nri-bundle.kube-state-metrics.collectors: Not a table.
Error: UPGRADE FAILED: template: nri-bundle/charts/kube-state-metrics/templates/role.yaml:18:6: executing "nri-bundle/charts/kube-state-metrics/templates/role.yaml" at <has "certificatesigningrequests" $.Values.collectors>: error calling has: Cannot find has on type map
   ```
This is because the KSM chart values changed and the map of collectors has been changed to a list of collectors.
The collector list is not needed anymore, and it has been removed from the new values.

> If you still have those in your static Helm values, or if you are using the flag --reuse-values you should first remove the following values:

Reviewer 3: I think --reuse-values should be in backticks: `--reuse-values`
